COMPUTE-413: dx toolkit support for dx-jobutil-get-identity-token (#1328)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: src/python/test/jwt/README.md

> This is a testing app, for the dx-upload/download-all python scripts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a testing app for the dx-jobutil-get-identity-token script. 
```
